h1. Changelog

h2. 0.31 - 26/09/2014

* Selected thumbnail creation for 4.6.x (thanks jpdupont).

h2. 0.30 - 14/01/2013

* For Textpattern 4.5.0.
* Added @mem_moderation_image@ support.
* @smd_thumbnail@ tag has form/container support.
* Added @smd_thumbnail_info@ tag.
* Fixed image <-> select list interaction (damn you attr/prop!).
* Added better tooltip on thumbnail hover.
* Fixed invalid markup.
* Added @width@ and @height@ attributes (thanks jstubbs).

h2. 0.22 - 12/10/2011

* Added @display@ attribute.
* Added 'Create from' preference (thanks the blue dragon/maniqui).
* Fixed plugin for dashboard use.
* Fixed jQuery attr/prop in prefs.
* Fixed Textpattern menu interference (thanks maniqui).

h2. 0.21 - 12/05/2011

* Added @smd_thumb_get_profiles()@ for other plugins to find which profiles are available.

h2. 0.20 - 26/01/2011

* Tools/prefs separated from profile list.
* Permitted batch creation via 1) selected images 2) category 3) author (thanks jpdupont).
* Added @smd_thumb_auto_replace@ option and altered default behaviour (thanks maniqui).
* Fixed Textpattern thumbnail creation on thumbnail replace and made prefs global - and only available to site admins (all thanks jstubbs).
* Fixed 'New profile' button wrapping (thanks jpdupont).

h2. 0.14 - 21/112010

* Permitted thumbnails to be larger than the original images (thanks maniqui).
* Fixed callbacks for image uploading and deleting.

h2. 0.13 - 10/11/2010

* Added confirmation on 'Create all'.
* Relabelled upload box (thank uli).
* Tamed styles.
* Silenced @chmod@ warnings (thanks zero).

h2. 0.12 - 10/11/2010

Added ability to sync default profile thumbnails with the corresponding Textpattern thumbnails (thanks zero).

h2. 0.11 - 09/11/2010

* Added @force_size@ and @add_stamp@ (both thanks zero).
* Removed unnecessary database call.

h2. 0.10 - 04/10/2010

* Official public release.

h2. 0.10beta - 06/08/2010

* Initial beta release.
