h1. Changelog

h2. 0.7.0 - 2020-xx-yy

* Replace @aspect@ with @size@ attribute (for commonality with Textpattern core 4.8.2).

h2. 0.6.1 - 2020-06-14

* Permit @aspect@ attribute to match exact widths/heights and decimal aspects.

h2. 0.6.0 - 2020-05-20

* For Txp 4.8.0+
* Register plugin tags on admin side so article previews work properly.
* Deprecate @display@ attribute in favour of @format@.
* Alter class assignments so class is always added to img tag.
* The @type@ attribute accepts a list of profile names, plus SMD_ALL and SMD_ACTIVE.
* Add @break@ and @breakclass@ attributes.
* Add @aspect@ attribute. Accepts @landscape@, @portrait@, @square@ or any custom ratio pairs, @4:3@, @16:9@, etc.
* Add @sort@ attribute.
* smd_thumbnail and smd_thumbnail_info tags accept core @escape@ attribute.
* Fix column heading width/height labels.
* Fix image counter when batch creating thumbs.
* Reinstate hover pointer on active column heading.
* Hook into image saves on the Write panel for compatibility with Write panel image plugins.

h2. 0.5.3 - 2019-10-23

* Fix unescaped @br@ tags in help (thanks, phiw13).

h2. 0.5.2 - 2019-09-17

* Added German Textpack (thanks, Christian Rapp)

h2. 0.5.1 - 2019-09-10

* Permit @wraptag@ when outputting display="url" (thanks, jools-r).
* Add @quiet@ attribute to suppress missing image warnings (thanks, jools-r).

h2. 0.5.0 - 2019-06-26

* For Textpattern 4.7.0+.
* Added @description@ field.
* Fall back on fullsize image if thumb doesn't exist.
* Try to create profile directories with the same permissions as the
images directory.
* Fix greedy thumb profile panel gobbling list options (thanks, phiw13).
* Fix toggle state recall (thanks, phiw13).
* Fix undefined variable warnings (thanks, philwareham).
* Fix search_method array-to-string conversion warning.
* Fix errors if tables not created when no images are in the database.
* Update documentation and code consistency (thanks, philwareham)

h2. 0.4.0 - 2017-07-18

* Added Composer/Packagist support.
* Removed SWF support.
* Tidied layout for 4.6/4.7 (thanks, philwareham)

h2. 0.33 - 2016-11-15

* Bit of whitespace styling (thanks joopvos).
* Use a jQuery UI 'x' instead of [Delete].

h2. 0.32 - 2016-09-10

* For Textpattern 4.6.0.
* Improved profile table layout: it's also responsive, up to a point.
* Fixed stay on Edit panel after thumbnail uploaded.
* Uses core APIs where available.
* Improved code documentation and layout to PSR-2.

h2. 0.31 - 2014-09-26

* Selected thumbnail creation for 4.6.x (thanks jpdupont).

h2. 0.30 - 2013-01-14

* For Textpattern 4.5.0.
* Added @mem_moderation_image@ support.
* @smd_thumbnail@ tag has form/container support.
* Added @smd_thumbnail_info@ tag.
* Fixed image <-> select list interaction (damn you attr/prop!).
* Added better tooltip on thumbnail hover.
* Fixed invalid markup.
* Added @width@ and @height@ attributes (thanks jstubbs).

h2. 0.22 - 2011-10-12

* Added @display@ attribute.
* Added 'Create from' preference (thanks the blue dragon/maniqui).
* Fixed plugin for dashboard use.
* Fixed jQuery attr/prop in prefs.
* Fixed Textpattern menu interference (thanks maniqui).

h2. 0.21 - 2011-05-12

* Added @smd_thumb_get_profiles()@ for other plugins to find which profiles are available.

h2. 0.20 - 2011-01-26

* Tools/prefs separated from profile list.
* Permitted batch creation via 1) selected images 2) category 3) author (thanks jpdupont).
* Added @smd_thumb_auto_replace@ option and altered default behaviour (thanks maniqui).
* Fixed Textpattern thumbnail creation on thumbnail replace and made prefs global - and only available to site admins (all thanks jstubbs).
* Fixed 'New profile' button wrapping (thanks jpdupont).

h2. 0.14 - 2010-11-21

* Permitted thumbnails to be larger than the original images (thanks maniqui).
* Fixed callbacks for image uploading and deleting.

h2. 0.13 - 2010-11-10

* Added confirmation on 'Create all'.
* Relabelled upload box (thank uli).
* Tamed styles.
* Silenced @chmod@ warnings (thanks zero).

h2. 0.12 - 2010-11-10

Added ability to sync default profile thumbnails with the corresponding Textpattern thumbnails (thanks zero).

h2. 0.11 - 2010-11-09

* Added @force_size@ and @add_stamp@ (both thanks zero).
* Removed unnecessary database call.

h2. 0.10 - 2010-10-04

* Official public release.
